OBSDOCS-893 - Power Monitoring - Update OpenShift docs for accessing dashboards in Developer view (#75659)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/power-monitoring-accessing-dashboards-developer.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/visualizing-power-monitoring-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-accessing-dashboards-developer_{context}"]
= Accessing {PM-shortname} dashboards as a developer

You can access {PM-shortname} dashboards from the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer: One more point to add: 
* The user must have view permissions for the project that the dashboard is for. i.e `openshift-power-monitoring`

Author: @vprashar2929 I have added this as a point in the Prerequisites.

* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You have access to the cluster as a developer or as a user.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.
* You have deployed {PM-kepler} in your cluster.
* You have enabled monitoring for user-defined projects.
* You have `view` permissions for the namespace `openshift-power-monitoring`, the namespace where {PM-kepler} is deployed to.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective of the web console, go to *Observe* -> *Dashboard*.

. From the *Dashboard* drop-down list, select the {PM-shortname} dashboard you want to see:

> ** *Power Monitoring / Overview*

Reviewer 2: I'm unsure if this is the only option or the expected option? Maybe it's just an example?

Author: **Overview** dashboard is the only one you can view currently from **Developer** perspective. It comes in a dropdown as there you have 2 dashboard to view in the **Administrator** perspective.

Author: Here's a screenshot for reference: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/109141899/247d6ce3-73b1-4ec1-b4b5-edf038c3521e)

Reviewer 2: OK, thanks for sharing. Is it me as I do not see " *Power Monitoring / Overview*"

Author: @dfitzmau Just confirmed with our QE @vprashar2929. The correct name for the dashboard should be **Power Monitoring/Overview**.
Here's the correct screenshot: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/109141899/89727cab-e092-4312-9ac0-4191c0cc2597)

Reviewer 2: Thanks. I now see this in the screenshot.

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/visualizing-power-monitoring-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-accessing-dashboards-developer_{context}"]
= Accessing {PM-shortname} dashboards as a developer

You can access {PM-shortname} dashboards from the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You have access to the cluster as a developer or as a user.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.
* You have deployed {PM-kepler} in your cluster.
* You have enabled monitoring for user-defined projects.

> * You have view permissions for the project that you are viewing the dashboard for.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have `view` permissions for the namespace `openshift-power-monitoring` (the namespace where kepler is deployed to)
```

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective of the web console, go to *Observe* -> *Dashboard*.

. From the *Dashboard* drop-down list, select the {PM-shortname} dashboard you want to see:
** *Power Monitoring / Overview*

> [NOTE]
> ====
> Only the namespaces that are accessible to developers in the {PM-shortname} dashboard are visible in the *Developer* perspective.
> ====

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/visualizing-power-monitoring-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-accessing-dashboards-developer_{context}"]
= Accessing {PM-shortname} dashboards as a developer

> You can access {PM-shortname} dashboards from the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer 4: If you log in as a cluster-admin, you need to click "Administrator" and select "Developer" to switch to the **Developer** perspective.  I don't know if it's necessary to explain this.

Author: This is a procedure module. Before going ahead with the procedure, we need to specify what will be the result for the user using this procedure. Hope that explains why this sentence is used here.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You have access to the cluster as a developer or as a user.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.
* You have deployed {PM-kepler} in your cluster.
* You have enabled monitoring for user-defined projects.
* You have view permissions for the project that you are viewing the dashboard for.

.Procedure

> . In the *Developer* perspective of the web console, go to *Observe* -> *Dashboards*.

Reviewer 4: In **Developer** perspective, "Dashboard" (not plural) is a tab and not a submenu as the case in **Administrator** perspective.

Author: Made this change. Thanks!

. From the *Dashboard* drop-down list, select the {PM-shortname} dashboard you want to see: 
** *Power Monitoring / Overview*

> ** *Power Monitoring / Namespace*

Reviewer: We can remove `Power Monitoring / Namespace` from the list. Only `Power Monitoring / Overview` will be visible to developers

Author: Made this change. Thanks!

> 

Reviewer 4: It would be nice to get a one-line description of what each of the dashboard shows.

Author: There is already a separate section where the types of dashboards are explained. See:[Power monitoring dashboards overview](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/observability/power_monitoring/visualizing-power-monitoring-metrics.html#power-monitoring-dashboards-overview_visualizing-power-monitoring-metrics). It will be redundant to explain the types of dashboards again. Although, do let me know if you need any changes or specifications in the above mentioned section.

[NOTE]
====
Only the namespaces that are accessible to developers in the {PM-shortname} dashboard are visible in the *Developer* perspective.

> ====

Reviewer 5: note seems to be indented for the bullet point. perhaps needs to be indented to the section itself?

Author: @vimalk78 I have removed the indentation from the bullet point.
